[docs] security clarifications and grammar fixes (#9031)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/yugabyte-platform/security/enable-encryption-in-transit.md

**Step 1:** Obtain the keys and the custom CA-signed certificates for each of the on-premise nodes for which you are configuring node-to-node TLS. In addition, obtain the keys and the custom signed certificates for client access for configuring client-to-node TLS.

> **Step 2**: Copy the custom CA root certificate, node certificate, and node key to the respective on-premise nodes' file system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 2**: For _each on-premise node_, copy the custom CA root certificate, node certificate, and node key to that node's file system. 
```
